[Music]
yeah trying to go back to jail tour
dollars and pounds not Collins gun very
nice be able to last fallen cast on
specially put them up like this your
Graham I'm a tough guy do me a favor I
got three days left on this probation
when you got that gun on you just don't
tell me about it
plausible deniability oh do you mean
[Music]
you are a convicted felon mr. Hoskins
you are now that until proven otherwise
I'll prove otherwise at all times you
know you don't have to act ghetto to
hang out here you need to get rid of
Myles Myles this is my best friend he's
gonna put you back in jail or he's gonna
get you killed
don't make me write you up for your last
week the judge will extend your time
here a year that is the life we live in
then a bit since the beginning and you
know we're stuck in that soil oil don't
be who you is
now
every time you come around you monsters
got me feeling like a monster in my own
town I ain't don't kill
[Music]